search access to the fuck should we talk
to sock the police center hi I'm on the
corner you can come pick me up
well that didn't work mmm let's try the
police I'm sure they'll be happy to hear
from me nope guess not you're like we're
coming your fucking place right now
right out here you're talking I don't
know if this dudes like your boyfriend
or your brother or something like that
because uh the way I don't know I I
can't really tell you know what what he
is to herself one hundred percent one
hundred percent orange juice wondering
percent apple juice now if you get that
joke will not joke but if you get that
reference I don't know what to say to
you that's that's pretty impressive you
get that reference hmm and i don't mean
one hundred percent apple juice you
actually buy the store it's a reference
to something else so item do we have
anything new I'm assuming not oh wait
yeah we do oh well I didn't have the gun
before I didn't pick it up before
alright this is a fro bascum Probus
apparently it's something but you can
shoot motherfuckers of this song and
yes I'll save just in case I die and
it's all game over there you go don't
you like that oh man I don't get the
fuck out of here you've learned
absolutely nothing from looking on your
nintendo DS oh it's red I mean
something's gonna happen damn she's got
her gun now she's ready to fucking bust
a cap right here hmm the fuck Oh
obviously she fucking killed him yeah
that's like what is that now that's like
it's two people who killed three
damn I feel like I'm playing fucking mad
dog McCreedy combined with dragon's lair
this is this story's been pretty fast
I'm just not going to take this shot
because I wanna see what happens if I
don't hit him wow this game gives you
like eight fucking chances I hadn't
pressed anything well that didn't tell
us anything why did a game over happen
didn't she fucking decided she had to go
take a shit what the fuck happened God
tell us anything fucking assholes all
right I would have I just went back but
I accidentally fucked up the safes a
process that was smart remember if it is
it yeah okay so it was this little scene
again two runs I'm going to try and not
press anything the next time
again I can't I can't get over that uh
outer shirt she's wearing that's pretty
that's a little bit retarded looking mmm
looks like a tight hold on
well that's a little bit suggestive I
thought she's like looking at the camera
even though he's like to her side so
it's like there's some sort of secret
cameraman here that we don't know about
maybe it's one of us little floating
cameras that's what's behind you this
whole time all right shoot this fucking
asshole done so you can just ran the
circle button you're gonna have to like
try and like pinpoint the timing I'm not
going to shoot this guy either because
then we'll have our whole collection of
stupidly retarded game over screens that
don't really tell us what's going on
with while the last one sorted in ok
wait did he just run out of ammo wow so
he's holding his flash ok you know what
hmm because he really needs to see her
with all these lights around all right
no more fucking game over bullshit it's
gonna fucking shoot him when running gun
spaceman style
you're fucking dead Congrats what is
that now that's five people we've killed
by then did you notice the light behind
your just then like there should've been
something right behind your but I guess
those the camera man fucking up to shoot
the door open something damn you're not
want to fuck with this one she doesn't
even take a second it's just like not
like hey I'm innocent please don't do
anything she gets decided these guys are
out to fucking kill me I'm not gonna
fuck around just fucking the minute she
nears anybody it's like she's playing a
fucking FPS game the minute she even
here is anybody just shoot don't even
see who it is you shoot fucking spy
check don't even matter just fucking
friendly fire on don't matter you're
done what the fuck is this is this
supposed to be some sort of a club with
like hip dudes fucking eating like
transformer batteries or what I call
these computer parts look like they're
from the 1990s by far my like how the
music sounds like it's from the 1980s
well I'm just fucking going like well
with the music damn steal that shit
don't even ask Wow fucking Colonel
Sanders or Buckethead e21
or fucking Barnum & Bailey all three
guys sounds like he's a little bit
toxicated battery smoke too much hahaha
you see that dumb woman coming here she
just paid like 20 times normal price for
that fucking shit haha dumb asshole we
have more footage of this woman
mercilessly killing every single human
being in sight with a gigantic souped-up
rocket launcher we've obviously not
edited as footage at all
you